Building the registries: duplicate content instead of conditionals. (#1849)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/installation-guide/examples/proc_che-preparing-a-private-registry.adoc

| Images for adding plug-ins to workspaces. See xref:administration-guide:che-workspaces-architecture.adoc#che-plug-in-broker_{context}[Che plug-ins broker].

| `quay.io/eclipse/che-plugin-registry` 
| Plug-in registry that store information about plugins and the runtime containers they require. See xref:building-an-offline-plug-in-registry-image_{context}[].

| `quay.io/eclipse/che-devfile-registry`

> | Devfile registry that store descriptions of the sample projects and how to load them as workspaces via the Getting Started tab in the dashboard. See xref:building-an-offline-devfile-registry-image_{context}[].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Devfile registry that stores descriptions of the sample projects and how to load them as workspaces through the Getting Started tab in the dashboard. See xref:building-an-offline-devfile-registry-image_{context}[].
```

Reviewer 2: :+1:

.Plug-in sidecar images

> Many workspace plug-ins are run in sidecar containers to ensure their dependencies are available. The offline plug-in registry (see xref:building-an-offline-plugin-registry-image_{context}[]) includes a file with the list of all images referenced in its plug-ins.

Author: ```suggestion
Many workspace plug-ins are run in sidecar containers to ensure their dependencies are available. The offline plug-in registry (see xref:building-an-offline-plug-in-registry-image_{context}[]) includes a file with the list of all images referenced in its plug-ins.
```
